chore(encoding): Use global TextEncode when available (#4874)
getsentry/sentry-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

### Major Changes

- `Sentry.captureUserFeedback` removed, use `Sentry.captureFeedback` instead ([#4855](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/4855))

> - Use global `TextEncoder` when available ([#4874](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/4874))

Reviewer: i: We could mention that this operation will increase encoding performance and also encourages folks to migrate to RN 0.74 or newer in order to enjoy this feature 
```suggestion
- Use global `TextEncoder` (available with Hermes in React Native 0.74 or higher) to greatly improve envelope encoding performance. ([#4874](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/4874))
```
